Well, no
hello guys today we are going to make a
special effects makeup we are going to
make evil that in the recreation of the
makeup of one of the makeups that
they take angelina jolie in the new
disney movie that premieres in the
May 2014 and this is a makeup
much more natural in which he focuses on
the real factions of maleficent and this
It's a collaboration I'm doing
with joy and makeup she will do the
cartoon version I'm going to leave
the direct link of your video on the
information box and if you can not
see at the end of this video so if
you want to see how we do this tutorial
we go watching and of course give
to the little button down here if you want
subscribe to my channel and do not lose
none of my tutorials are we going to
it
for this makeup / line we carry the
horns that come out through the
hair so I'm going to use some horns
I already have facts I leave the link
how to make them in the box
information I'm going to hold them with a
hair band and I will surround them with
my own hair to make the effect
that she has in her hair
applied some contact lenses and directly I'm going
to start putting the prosthesis of the
ears that are pointed ears of
harpo are super easy to apply
we just have to fill in a
little bit of cotton to create volume
measure and paste them with more cake or with
my spirit
all right
do not worry if the prosthesis is not
the same color as our skin because
then we will apply a base that is going to
unify everything
I'm going to take a makeup base and
I'm going to give a lighter touch with a face
blank and I'm going to dilute everything with a
cryo land megaplan to make it more
easy to apply we apply it for everything
the face and the neck with a
sponge and on the ears and prosthesis
I'm going to apply it with a brush
small
it is understood
let's start creating the effect of
volume I will use two cream colors
the black and the brown I will not go
mixing to create the intensity let's
to intensity below the cheekbones and
in the temple and then it's little by little
we are going to give intensity the
holes of the prosthesis of the ear
that we will be blurring with the sponge
for the eye area we will use the
brown to give this depth in the
inner area of ​​the lacrimal and around
the outer part of the eyes and also to
along the nose
and
one of the important parts of finding
tournament is around the jaw for
create the most detailed and fine-tuned and by
under the manzanitas to create the
effect that has between the inah of about
very marked cheekbones
have
and a couple of details also shadows
in the neck before moving on to make us
the eyebrows in a normal way
and
to give the intensity the top line
of tabs I'm going to use an eyeliner in
gel and I'm going to delineate the top line
only until the end of the eye wearing a
little bit to the bottom line of
eyelashes and blur it so that it stays
more natural integral
no no no
for the lips we are going to create an effect
of very intense red lips apply to
other lipsticks first one that is going to be
function will do basic function and
another much more intense over and then
delineate all the lips with a with
black and I'm going to blur it a little bit
to give the effect that jelly has
nanas lips
and
we have finished the makeup of
evil angelina jolie for her new
disney movie
good guys I hope you liked it
the makeup little fingers do and has you
liked to remember to take a look at
cooking makeup here you can see
giving the little button here and if you are
watching this video from a tablet or a
smartphone you can give to the link that is
in the information box millions of
thanks for being there racing cup
eating every Tuesday and all the
Friday remember the button that remains
you have here you can subscribe to me
channel and do not miss any of my
tutorials be very happy and see you
in the next one